stuff from them and more great stuff to
follow this the junior par bikes and
street fighters there on the front row
of the grid Haley Charlotte Ellie and
Gemma oh and a few focus as well on pole
position beggar in return alongside in
Tony Coombs then Kristen Edom and lien
chi kok yes ah morning sir he's enjoying
himself on that second row a rock
McNeely Nick's urgent mark halsey and
Sam Reed and in looking forward to
another great race yeah it's going to be
a cracker this one Christian it out on
the aprilia tuono thousand the melee
engine street bike this time not on the
supermoto machine so Christians first
real experience of road racing on a
proper road bike can't call it a race by
robin now this is sir the junior / bike
class of course and another great start
young Tony Coons a big grin drug right
with him then it's not too far from its
neck of the woods I think he's up from
around Manchester and of course that not
far down the road from oulton park so
something of a home circuit for been
rendered certainly qualified well and
already in this lovely head-to-head
battle with Tony coat Tony in that to
dayglow pink we could see him anyway
it's great we don't mind recognizing
riders as it more color the better and
Benga enjoyed staying right with him as
they run up avail top but that's a
familiar sit up and beg style of the
street fighter a class machine of
Christian Eden just nipping by up in a
second yeah wonder if Christians going
to be able to back it in like he was on
the supermoto silent Mallory that'd be a
sight to see actually don't think he
can't back it in he slides
rear end of everything he's ever written
but yeah great mix of machinery in this
jr power bike and street fighter class
you've got the the 650 twin Suzuki's of
tiny toons of Ben Grimm right but the
thousand CC aprilia of Christian didn't
just slotting into the lead as they come
into Lodge corner so wonderful sights a
great mix this class not just of the
machines but also the riding styles of
course and that I was having a chat to
Christian back at mallory park in fact
and he said he was flinging quite
difficult to not take his feet off the
pegs but Sir thinking keeps having
nothing can i really get me need an i'm
allowed to do is all I mustn't do this
but fantastic stuff of course a multiple
pretty champion eight times I think
British supermoto champion and look at
him here it was in the lead he then went
down to third he's now back up into
second ahead of Tony Coombs oh it's
still behind been rendered great battle
of the front there in sixth place is Rob
McNeely being chased down the hill by
number 200 gurus machine Steve Hodgson
Adi Austin it's the Hodgson on the KTM
990 just ahead of the junior power bike
of Nick sergeant and that's another of
the moto 450 machines behind Nick
sergeant so more of those coming into
the freight Christian hidden on the
outside of Ben Grimm rod as they come
into Lodge back into the lead for the
aprilia and so he goes there I think
he's watching the back of Krishna didn't
spike they give this is he good next
well look at this lot coming towards us
Robin Nick sergeant there up into
seventh place ahead of Steve Hodgson now
there's well Hudson on the moto 450 in
that group as well Robert nearly goes
through 6th steve had some fighting back
well hot just getting a bit squirrelly
into old hall there and Nick sergeant
Randy outside yep nikka I think having a
great start to the season he just looks
much more comfortable on the machine
this year we're looking very comfortable
indeed christian eden up the froggies
absolutely impossible to believe that
this is his first ever proper season of
road racing is used to the slippery
stuff he's Christian but my goodness me
is taken that to this like the
proverbial doctor water and there we see
bring printer and chasey up clay hill
and there Tony combs they have been
dropped by Christian he's loving the
wide-open spaces of Oulton Park yes I
1000cc aprilia out in front Ben Grimm
rod on the 650s v Suzuki second Tony
combs his similar machine there in third
position and then I think it's the 400
cc bike on mark horn Z in fourth
position at the moment yep good battle
behind mark as well Leon J involved
in that but here we see Tony coupes
Tony's a very impressive young rider
real press on sort of chat and he's been
up the front he's been off the bike done
all sorts of things that in his short
career but he will not stop until after
the checkered flag there we see a lovely
shot of Steve join my number 71 that's
another of the KTM 990 so battles all
the way through this junior power bike
straight quite a class but up the front
through Britain's chicane off towards
hilltop Christian it and under no threat
of course first season of road racing as
you said Robin but the family history is
there isn't it oh absolutely yes he's
very fond of it oh he makes fun of a
record of his dad's riding but actually
there is a great relationship between
the two of mine he's very proud of his
dad's record and quite rightly so Tony
Coombs there
still he's hard on it in third place
this will be good points for him as far
as the championship is concerned and
look at this world Hodgson on the mud I
450 up the inside I had that little
dancin wasn't expecting that into his
esha came but the motocross gonna bike
making this moto 450 honda will hodson
first time out on it the Christian Eden
easily up the front the up Chris just
set a fastest lap of the race as well
looking very cool calm collected as well
he might check a flag and another good
win for him and begged ringer on
powering across the line to finish
second and leading junior / bike home so
Chris needn't the overall winner been
grindin finished second Tony Coombs a
good third Leon J in 44 head of
mark horn Z then Nick Sergeant Robert
knee will Hodgson innate all roads in
night and Steve Hudson Randy on that too
top 10